
接下来由我来介绍一下关于摄氏温标与华氏温标的关系：首先，华氏温标与摄氏温标有很多不同之处,例如:在华氏温标中，
0°F是冰、水、氯化铵和氯化钠的混合物的熔点，水的沸点是212°F；而在摄氏温标中，0°C是冰的熔点，水的沸点是100°C；
然后让我们来看一看摄氏温度和华氏温度的关系：T ℉ = 1.8t℃ + 32 （t为摄氏温度数，T为华氏温度数）。如今，包括我国在内的世界上绝大多数国家都使用摄氏度；
世界上仅存5个国家使用华氏度，包括巴哈马、伯利兹、英属开曼群岛、帕劳、美利坚合众国及其他附属领土。


Next, I will introduce the relationship between Celsius scale and Fahrenheit scale. First, there are many differences between Fahrenheit scale and Celsius scale. For example, in Fahrenheit scale,

0°F is the melting point of a mixture of ice, water, ammonium chloride, and sodium chloride; water boils at 212°F; 
On the Celsius scale, 0 degrees is the melting point of ice, and the boiling point of water is 100 degrees;

Then let's look at the relationship between Celsius and Fahrenheit: T ℉ = 1.8t℃ + 32 (t is the number of degrees Celsius and T is the number of degrees Fahrenheit). 
Today, most countries in the world, including our own, use Celsius;

Only five other countries in the world use Fahrenheit, including the Bahamas, Belize, the British Cayman Islands, Palau, the United States of America and other dependent territories.


包括我国在内的世界上绝大多数国家都使用摄氏度；
世界上仅存5个国家使用华氏度，包括巴哈马、伯利兹、英属开曼群岛、帕劳、美利坚合众国及其他附属领土。
Most countries in the world, including our own, use Celsius;
Only five other countries in the world use Fahrenheit, including the Bahamas, Belize, the British Cayman Islands, Palau, 
the United States of America and other dependent territories .

摄氏温度和华氏温度的关系 ：

The relationship between Celsius and Fahrenheit temperature is as follows: 
T ℉ = 1.8t℃ + 32 (t is the number of degrees Celsius and T is the number of degrees Fahrenheit).
T degrees Fahrenheit is equal to 1.8t degrees Celsius plus sign 32.

华氏温标与摄氏温标有很多不同之处,例如:在华氏温标中，0°F是冰、水、氯化铵和氯化钠的混合物的熔点，水的沸点是212°F；而在摄氏温标中，0°C是冰的熔点，水的沸点是100°C
The Fahrenheit scale differs from the Celsius scale in many ways. For example, on the Fahrenheit scale, 
0°F is the melting point of a mixture of ice, water, ammonium chloride, and sodium chloride, while the boiling point of water is 212°F; 
On the Celsius scale, 0 degrees is the melting point of ice, and the boiling point of water is 100 degrees